I'm sharing how I got insane B2B SEO
results within 90 days and how you can
do the
[Music]
same hey I'm Sam Dunning founder at
breaking
bb.com and if you want to join thousands
of Legends enjoying my ultimate B2B SEO
guide head over to Breaking bb.com hit
that newsletter Tab and you can unlock
it
instantly in this episode you'll learn
the exact process we use to get breaking
bb.com on a brand new fresh domain with
zero Authority insane SEO results within
90 days I'm going to talk about how you
can Define and Target your money
keywords how you can build best-in-class
pages and content that ranks for those
money keywords that drive quality
traffic and inbound leads or demos and
how you can juice up those pages with
back links and some processes we used
for that side of things to quickly show
you the results so we launched breaking
bb.com back in February 2024 and we got
some organic position ones for money
keywords by the end of April 2024 if we
quickly look at hrefs if I flip that to
UK you can see we're organic position
one for B2B SEO agency and we're organic
position two the btb podcast agency and
we've got some Top 10 rankings for a
bunch of B2B SAS web design and SEO
terms in our Target niches and then in
the US even more
competitive we're top four top five for
things like b2bs agency top 10 for a
bunch of other web design marketing and
and SEO terms and if we look at our
general overview our traffic in all
locations is now worth around 3.1k USD a
month and that's pure organic within 90
days starting from scratch with zero
Authority at all cool so let's break
down this process so you can put it into
play for your B2B Tech or B2B Service
Company all right so first off we want
to Define our money keywords you might
be thinking Sam what the flip is a money
keyword well a money keyword is about
understanding the niches the target
markets that you serve best that have
the expensive the bleeding neck the
frustrating problems that you fix
they understand the impact of fixing
them they want to fix them and most
importantly they have cash they have
money to invest in getting them fixed so
think about the main offers that attack
those juicy problems and that serve
those niches best think about the niches
the industries that you can serve well
that you can drive great results for
like I said have those problems and have
actively have cash to to invest in those
offers you don't want to pick niches or
Industries or offers that
might you might be able to deliver value
for but perhaps don't have the money to
invest in it and it's always a struggle
you find on sales cools trying to
convince them to go with you you want to
go with the industries where you've had
success or you know that they've got
teams that are actively open to
investing in your offer whatever that
may be so to give you a tangible example
I fired up Google Sheets and I made a
tab a column for the niche a column for
offer one a column for offer two and a
column for modifier so our niches might
be B2B B2B SAS fintech construction
Financial Services
Logistics offer one is SEO and offer two
is web design and then the modifier that
goes on the end might be agency or
company so for example if I I go of
Niche one which is B2B SEO and then the
modifier agency that keyword might be
B2B SEO agency which is the one we
focused on another one might be B2B SAS
SEO agency or B2B SAS SEO company then
likewise the list goes on fintech SEO
agency or fintech web design company you
get the gist so understand what are
those main industries you want to serve
that have the juicy problems you
fix understand the impact of them want
to invest in in fixing them have money
to invest and you can deliver great
results for list them all out on a
Google sheet list those top two top
three core offers and then you probably
want to run this through SEO tool be
Uber suggest be at HF be at semrush to
check there's a bit of search volume to
track up and then once you define all
those main offers in Industries we'll
look to create key pages and those could
be depending on your Niche depending on
your offers they could be service Pages
they might be feature Pages they might
be offering Pages depending on whether
your B2B Service Company or Tech or ass
SAS company they might slightly differ
and it might be that those keywords vary
a bit it might be that you go after best
and then product name for
niche as the keyword a best proposal
writing software for sales teams or best
proposal tool for logistics companies or
whatever Niche is relevant or in my case
of course it's B best B2B SAS SEO agency
so understand those niches run those
through keyword tools be HRS semra or
similar make sure there's a bit of
volume to tap up and then you want to
look to create and build out all these
pages so to give you example on breaking
bebe.com if you go to the service tab
you'll see under website Services we've
got all those niches B2B web design B2B
SAS web development B2B web development
fch web design Logistics web design and
likewise under SEO Services B2B SEO B2B
SAS SEO Logistics SEO and the list goes
on so Define those money niches build
out that go Google sheet make sure you
got offers defined and add those
modifiers as relevant and use tools like
samas HS or E suggest or similar to help
you define what keywords make sense what
are perhaps reasonably low difficulty
that you can tap into and start planning
those out to build out those pages on
your your site and if you are SAS you
may want to do this as well and you may
want to consider which you've got past
episodes on we've got a SAS SEO guide
that you can check out if you search SAS
SEO guide Sam D you might want to look
at keywords for quick wins like
Alternatives IE altern competitor
Alternatives versus keywords can often
be quick wins for SAS as well those are
worth
considering so once you've made a list
of your money keywords and you've
planned out the pages that you're going
to build out for each one of these money
keywords and remember when I say money
keyword this is something that your
ideal client is going to type in on
Google when they have high intent to
speak to sales about your offer what you
want to do is type in one of those
keywords into Google so my case B2B SEO
agency we've typed in here and then
we'll look at the top organic results so
we will disregard that we are now top
because we weren't before 90 days ago so
I'll look at the second third fourth
position in this case second we've got
add people so I'll check out their page
and basically we'll look for how it's
structured and ways that we can win so
first and foremost we want to look at
the URL structure so they've got their
domain in this case they've got SL SEO
and then slash again B2B hyphen SEO
hyphen agency so you can see that main
keyword is within the URL structure
itself if we look
at the heading tags
we can see they've got a specialist B2B
SEO Agency for smmes in their H1 so
that's quite a big player when it comes
they've actually got two
H1s but yeah they've got B2B SEO agency
within that H1 H1 plays quite a big
importance in the SEO
ranking quite a long form solution page
so one thing you want to pick up is what
is the type of page that's ranking in
this case it's a solution page but what
you might find for some of your target
keywords and Pages they might be article
they might be listicles they might be
comparison Pages or otherwise if there's
types of pages that are consistently
ranking in the search results and you're
trying to do something that's a bit
different I.E it's consistently listicle
or article type page and you're trying
to rank a solution page that might be a
lot more difficult because Google's
expecting you to put in a detailed
article or listal and if you're trying
to go in with a solution page it might
be a little bit of an uphill battle
unless your website's got a lot of
authority a lot of solid backlinks it's
going to be bit of a struggle so in my
casee B2B SEO agency we looked at the
top ranking Pages as we were trying to
climb up there we understand they had a
bit of an intro with a call to action
this page has got some
stats offers an order it has some social
proofs it has some logos of Brands work
with then it talks about their process
has some more client reviews talks a bit
about their team has some stats and then
a few FAQs on how it
works so with that in mind I thought
what and what you should do the same is
how can we blow this top ranking organic
page so non-sponsor how can we blow this
organic top page we understand the
format so in this case it's solution
type page it's not an article it's not a
listal we understand we need that main
keyword within the URL we understand we
need to get our heading tags right and
needs to be structured well and it needs
to completely blow this page out of the
water in every way possible we want to
attack eat experience expertise
Authority trust which is a big signal
Google released in the helpful helpful
content update a while ago and we want
to make this page show that we
understand prospect's problem we
understand the impact of not fixing that
problem we understand that we can show
some trust signals with social proof we
can answer their questions and we can
make it clear that we have the solution
to their issues so exactly what I did
when I built out the breaking bb.com
page for B2B SEO agency I wanted to blow
the competitors out the water and every
angle possible so starting with the top
of the page we've got a nice what we
call hero area of Banner area where it
has in the
H1 which is our H1 actually down the
page a little bit B2B
agency and then we've got as our
headline something short and snappy that
says we need B2B SEO to scale qualified
leads and revenue we've got clear call
to action to either book a call or check
client success stories but one of my
little hacks is including an embedded
YouTube video that's relevant to the
keyword so in our case we got a B2B seo5
easy ways to rank top guide and the good
thing about embedding a YouTube in the
video on top of the page is that can
also sometimes that shows in the search
end results so it gives you more chance
for click through it shows a little
image and thumbnail and that video If
you upload it to YouTube can rank in the
video section in Google's results so
underneath that top hero we've got some
brands that we've worked with we've got
another C to action to view results
scroll down a bit I've got some client
video testimonials straight away after
that I'm qualifying prospects in I've
got our SEO plan start from 3K USD a
month or from 2.5k GBP per month then
got some more social proof so a client
we help get some SEO results within 30
days with a testimonial and a review
video then we talk about the importance
of B2B SEO then we share our full
process so a lot of competitors fail to
do that we literally walk through the
process step by step and a call to
action to book a call some details here
about technical
SEO and the importance of SEO bit more
about the process then some more client
results a case study of another btb SEO
a B2B Service Company sorry that we
helped the results that they got the
impact and then Co to action to view
more client results then we talk a bit
more about the importance and how link
building comes into play why you should
consider btb SEO but one of my favorite
tips is to have a nice FAQ section at
the bottom of the page where each
question is in a bar or similar and you
click that bar to expand and open the
full FAQ answer so in our case I've
quite literally taken questions
objections frustrations I get on sales
calls and address those all headon on
the page so what is btp SEO what should
I do before starting how long does it
take to see results do I get locked into
a retainer is it for every business how
expensive are you isn't it quicker to
run ads instead why should I trust you
what do I need to do beforehand is it
going to be a good fit what happens if I
don't do it so literally all these
questions I asked why you so expensive
it's adds quicker I'm pressing head on
there's a re there's a few reasons this
is useful it shows Google that we're we
know our stuff we've got Hands-On exper
expertise and Authority it also shows
transparency for prospects so it saves
us time on sales calls addresses all
these things headon gives useful content
that people actually want to see and
does a bit of sales enablement so Mak
folks more likely to trust us and then
book a cool and right at the bottom of
the page I've got some more testimonials
from clients and results that we've
brought to the table and then a clear
call to action to book a call so to
recap we're looking to blow competitors
out the water we've got that URL
structured right we've got our main
keyword there so Marcas breaking bb.com
btb SEO agency so make sure you're
weaving that keyword into URL make sure
your heading tags are on point and at
bare minimum your H1 has got that main
keyword within it and try to weave it in
H2 H3 headings as well you want to try
and naturally weave in your target
keyword for each page that you're
building out within in the copy Don't
Force It but leave it in there nicely
and then make sure this page shows that
you've got handson expertise Authority
in the subject matter make it as useful
as possible for prospects and make it
convincing with social proof video
reviews examples maybe screenshots of
your product maybe a demo maybe a video
walk through a video guide like I said
embed that YouTube video that that helps
a double hitter and get you more
click-throughs in the search results and
also can get people to check out your
YouTube channel build a bit more trust
with you clear cool to actions as you
scroll through and that's how you can
understand the intent of the page review
those competitors and then make sure
your page completely blows them out of
the water in every possible angle
technical SEO content value and building
trust and making it easy for them to
take that next step book that demo or
book that call with
you and when it comes to publishing your
content once you've defined all those
money keywords and you're building out
pages to attack those bottom of the
funnel sales ready prospects that are
hunting for your offer your solution or
comparing you to Alternatives or similar
way you've got an advantage against
Giants in your industry is by using
speed to your advantage often the huge
monster companies will have to go
through processes like sign offs
approvals and checks before they can
even publish a page live then they'll
maybe have to queue it up with a
designer and then queue it up with a
developer before it eventually goes live
on the internet whereas if you're a
smaller business or startup you can Skip
and byass all that red tape you can come
up with the money keywords you can build
out the content you can design it up
code it up quickly publish it fast and
do that for all the main Pages you want
to start ranking once they're up you can
then optimize them perhaps they're
missing a bit perhaps you've seen a new
insight a new stat a new FAQ that you
could add maybe you weave in a new video
maybe you add an extra bit of Copy in
there so you can constantly optimize
tweak and update these pages is so you
start with almost like a base level page
publish it out improve it maybe improve
the ux improve the UI improve the design
add some extras as you go to ramp up the
quality ramp up the authority and that's
the massive Advantage you have compared
to big giants in your sector when it
comes to aggressive publishing and
winning the SEO game and the last part
of this process is building quality back
links so when we are working away to get
B2B SEO agency page one for breaking to
be within night days about 30 40 days
roughly in we were struggling on maybe
position 10 organic position 12 and we
thought we've done all this process
probably written the best content that
we can design and build out I think
we're going to need a few links to juice
up this page send some trust signals to
Google and get it up to that top spot so
great way to build quality backlinks for
free is through Partnerships so that
could be folks you already work with
existing clients people in your network
or partners that are out there that
serve the same ideal client profile the
same ICP but are not direct competitors
so a great way to do this is in the B2B
space to reach out through Linkedin so
maybe you're connected to them already
send them a message or maybe locate who
those prospects are who runs their
marketing or who runs the content for
their site and you drop them a painfully
short connection request personalized
request on LinkedIn like hey Steve or
hey Jess had an unusual idea to ramp up
website traffic in inbound with cont
content are you against a conversation
something super short painfully short
not a huge wall of text pitch something
that opens that Curiosity Gap and makes
them think oh this sounds a bit
interesting I'm going to accept that
connect and reply and from there once
they accept you can either send them a
voice note or maybe a customized V video
message that says look had an unusual
way to build out some content on your
site I've got a great idea for an
actionable article that's going to serve
your audience well give them some
actional tips and structure um it'll be
on this topic that's relevant to their
Niche and Their audience and then all
I'd ask for in return is a do follow
back link so in that case that's where
you can ask for a relevant back link for
one of those pages one of those keywords
you're going after so that's what I did
for B2B SEO agency reached out to five
to seven partners that go after the same
ICP and wrote them some detail guides in
return they gave me a decent link and
that really helped us get that final
placement of when we eventually got
organic position one so Partnerships
super good for SEO value creating
content together building but also open
the doors for future reciprocal business
so let along the line you might do some
podcast together you might do some video
content you might even be able to do
some reciprocal business in terms of
sending work each other's way and even
referral so a really good way to build
relationships and build solid back
links and there we have it I hope you
found this breakdown useful if you want
to unlock my ultimate B2B SEO guide head
over to breaking bb.com hit that
newsletter tab or head over to breaking
bb.com and book a cool if you want to
discuss firing up SEO for your B2B
technology or service company and with
that I'll catch you on the next one
cheers
[Music]